feat: allow running single test (#3619)
scalameta/metals: docs/diagrams/instruction.md

### Getting started

- Install plantuml `cs install --contrib plantuml`
- vscode has extension which allows to preview creating diagram - [PlantUML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jebbs.plantuml)

### Usage

> Documentation can be found at [website](https://plantuml.com/command-line). Following instruction is more or less based on mentioned website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation can be found on the [website](https://plantuml.com/command-line).
```
You can probably leave the second sentence out since it's not really adding anything.
